[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: So
let's do one more thing here.
We want to be able to make
the colors more interesting as well.
So we can be able to pass that at.
Excuse me, to be able to pass
that as a color or as a property.
So what we're gonna do here
is when to say, style, colon.
I always do that.
Color: this.props.color.
>> Brian Holt: And
then what we're gonna do down here is now
we're gonna start passing color as well.
So this one I'm gonna
pass in Rebecca Purple.
Here we're going to do this is
my favorite CSS color medium
aquamarine.
>> Brian Holt: But
just so
you know any valid CSS color here works.
You can use HEX,
you can use RGB, anything you can
pass to color in CSS would work here.
Another one of my favorite colors Peru.
If you didn't know Peru is actually
a color in addition to being a country or
the other I'm not using here but
you really should use is papayawhip.
[LAUGH] So it's one of my favorite
interview questions when I'm interviewing
people at Netflix is what's
your favorite CSS named
color.
>> Brian Holt: Mine's
definitely medium aquamarine because
what the hell is medium aquamarine.
[LAUGH] So now if we refresh,
we get syntax errors [LAUGH], cool.
Line ten, we have an extra
parenthesis it looks like.
>> Speaker 2: You have a dangling comma,
I think is the problem.
>> Brian Holt: That should be okay, right.
Maybe it's not, well.
You're right.
So again, if you were wondering,
that's what medium aquamarine looks like.
>> Audience: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: [LAUGH] And that's how Peru
the color looks like.
>> Audience: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: But it's literally
just putting color:peru, right?
Not making that up there
really is a CSS named color.
>> Brian Holt: But as you can see,
you can pass anything into props and
you can use it however you want to.